Adds Getting started and Troubleshooting guide to readme (#62)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-update-operator: README.md

# Bottlerocket Update Operator

The Bottlerocket update operator is a [Kubernetes operator](https://Kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-Kubernetes/operator/) that coordinates Bottlerocket updates on hosts in a cluster.

> When installed, the Bottlerocket update operator starts a controller deployment in any node and agent daemon set in each Bottleorocket nodes, which takes care of periodically querying updates, drain node, and perform update when asked by controller.

Reviewer: Reading this again, I think you may want to try rephrasing this to something similar to the example below: 

>When installed, the Bottlerocket update operator starts a controller deployment in any node and agent daemon set in each Bottleorocket node. This takes care of periodically querying updates, draining nodes, and performing updates when asked by the controller.

Author: What you suggested would be incorrect information because the agent daemonset is the one that regularly queries the node. If it was not clear from the existing text, I think we should change it. What do you think of this:

> When installed, the Bottlerocket update operator starts a controller deployment in any node and agent daemon set in each Bottleorocket node. Agent daemon set takes care of periodically querying updates, draining nodes, and perform updates when asked by the controller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When installed, the Bottlerocket update operator starts a controller deployment on one node and agent daemon set on every Bottleorocket node, which takes care of periodically querying updates, draining the node, and performing an update when asked by controller.
```

  The on-host process responsible for publishing update metadata and executing
  update activities.

## Getting Started

### Label nodes

To start Bottlerocket updater operator agent on nodes, you will need to add `bottlerocket.aws/updater-interface-version` label.
We recommend using `update-interface-version` 2.0.0 for Bottlerocket OS version >=v0.4.1 which uses Bottlerocket's [update API](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/blob/develop/sources/updater/README.md#update-api) to dispatch updates.

> With `kubectl` configured for the desired cluster, you can use the below command to get all nodes

Reviewer: nit: Would it be worthwhile tossing a link in here to instructions for setting up kubectl for those who haven't done it yet?

Author: I can add a link to genereic `kubectl` overview page https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/overview/ . Does that sound good ?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think that'd work just fine. Thanks!

Reviewer 3: Nit: maybe a missing colon at the end before all the commands you suggested in this doc?

Author: Done.

```sh
kubectl get nodes
```
Make a note of all the node names that you would like Bottlerocket update operator to manage.

Next, add `updater-interface-version` label to the nodes. 
For each node, use this command to add `updater-interface-version` label. 

> Make sure to change NODE_NAME with the name collected from the previous command.

Reviewer 3: Nit:

```suggestion
Make sure to change `NODE_NAME` with the name collected from the previous command.
```

Author: Done.

```sh
kubectl label node NODE_NAME bottlerocket.aws/updater-interface-version=2.0.0
```

If all nodes in the cluster are running Bottlerocket and require the same `updater-interface-version`, you can label all at the same time by running this
```sh

> kubectl label node $(kubectl get nodes -o jsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}') bottlerocket.aws/updater-interface-version=2.0.0

Reviewer 3: I'm being picky here, but this will only work in bash-like shells. I use `fish` and I can't just copy/paste this command. I'm posting this just to let people know that not all the commands that start a subshell will work for all the users.

```

### Install

> Now we can install recommended configuration defined [here](./update-operator.yaml) to install the Bottlerocket update operator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now we can install the Bottlerocket update operator using the recommended configuration define [here](./update-operator.yaml).
```

Author: Done.

  The on-host process responsible for publishing update metadata and executing
  update activities.

## Getting Started

### Label nodes

> To start Bottlerocket updater operator agent on nodes, you will need to add `bottlerocket.aws/updater-interface-version` label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start Bottlerocket updater operator agent on your nodes, you will need to add the `bottlerocket.aws/updater-interface-version` label.
```

We recommend using `update-interface-version` 2.0.0 for Bottlerocket OS version >=v0.4.1 which uses Bottlerocket's [update API](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/blob/develop/sources/updater/README.md#update-api) to dispatch updates.

With [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/overview/) configured for the desired cluster, you can use the below command to get all nodes:

```sh
kubectl get nodes
```

> Make a note of all the node names that you would like Bottlerocket update operator to manage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make a note of all the node names that you would like the Bottlerocket update operator to manage.
```

> Next, add `updater-interface-version` label to the nodes. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, add the `updater-interface-version` label to the nodes. 
```

To get logs run this with `kubectl` configured to the desired cluster namespace

```sh
kubectl logs deployment/update-operator-controller
```

Checking the logs is a good first step in understanding why something happened or didn't happen.

### Why do only some of my Bottlerocket instances have an update available?

Updates to Bottlerocket are rolled out in [waves](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/tree/develop/sources/updater/waves) to reduce the impact of issues; the container instances in your cluster may not all see updates at the same time.
You can check whether an update is available on your instance by running the `apiclient update check` command from within the [control](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket#control-container) or [admin](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket#admin-container) container.

### Why do new container instances launch with older Bottlerocket versions?

The Bottlerocket update operator performs in-place updates for instances in your ECS cluster.
The operator does not influence how those instances are launched.

> If you use an auto-scaling group to launch your instances, you can update the AMI ID in your launch configuration or launch template to use a newer version of Bottlerocket.

Reviewer 3: Nit: if you are including links for how to setup kubectl, you may as well include links to the official AWS documentation about launch templates and auto scaling groups.

Author: Done.

## Troubleshooting

When installed with the [suggested deployment](./update-operator.yaml), the logs can be fetched through Kubernetes deployment logs.
To get logs run this with [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/overview/) configured to the desired cluster namespace:

```sh
kubectl logs deployment/update-operator-controller
```

Checking the logs is a good first step in understanding why something happened or didn't happen.

### Why do only some of my Bottlerocket instances have an update available?

Updates to Bottlerocket are rolled out in [waves](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/tree/develop/sources/updater/waves) to reduce the impact of issues; the container instances in your cluster may not all see updates at the same time.
You can check whether an update is available on your instance by running the `apiclient update check` command from within the [control](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket#control-container) or [admin](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket#admin-container) container.

### Why do new container instances launch with older Bottlerocket versions?

> The Bottlerocket update operator performs in-place updates for instances in your ECS cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Bottlerocket update operator performs in-place updates for instances in your Kubernetes cluster.
```

- `kind-cluster` - create a local [`kind`](https://github.com/Kubernetes-sigs/kind) cluster
- `kind-load` - build and load container image for use in a `kind` cluster
- `kind-rollout` - reload container image & config, then restart pods

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

> ## License

Reviewer 3: Should  you include a section that explains what is required to build the container image? Since in #63, you will be using a tool that is only available if the users installed docker from a specific source. For example, in AL2, using docker v20, I'll get this error

```sh
[ec2-user@ ~]$ cat /etc/os-release | grep NAME
NAME="Amazon Linux"
PRETTY_NAME="Amazon Linux 2"
CPE_NAME="cpe:2.3:o:amazon:amazon_linux:2"
[ec2-user@ ~]$ docker --version
Docker version 20.10.4, build d3cb89e
[ec2-user@ ~]$ docker buildx
docker: 'buildx' is not a docker command.
See 'docker --help'
[ec2-user@~]$
```

Author: That's a good point. However, I am wondering if we are asking customers to build the `arm` image or we are going to publish ARM image as well. If we are going to publish it, I don't think we need to include a section related to building image.  If we are not, then we should definitely add the detailed information that you suggest. However, this information should be added as part of [PR-63](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-update-operator/pull/63) I think.

Author: I personally aslo feel we should get rid of **How to Contribute and Develop Changes** section from the readme. It adds noise, not everyone is going to develop. We can have a separate markdown file to add development details for anyone who is looking to help and link it in `CONTRIBUTING.md`. What do you think?

Reviewer 3: I think we should be consistent across the projects. In the main OS repo, we have a document that explains how to build OS and the dependencies required. I understand that we will build the images, but users will try to build it as well for their own  purposes. Maybe they have an internal policy that doesn't allow them to use public images, and they have to setup their own image repository with the updater in it.

Author: Makes sense, I can create a separate issue to track this and address in another PR. Is that okay?

Reviewer 3: Makes sense :+1:

Author: > #66 

Done
